Amar is a medieval fantasy kingdom. It is the only kingdom on an island. The kingdom is located in the south east quadrant of the island, bordering on the ocean to the south and to the west. To the north is a mountain range ruled by the dwarves. To the west is a large forest ruled by Trolls and the Araxi - a savage and chaotic dark human-like predator. A river separates the kingdom from this dangerous forest. Off the coast of the island is an impenetrable fog, a few nautical miles off the cost. Any escape to the east or south is futile - the fog will return any sailor to the point he entered it. The climate is temperate.

Amar is a fairly peaceful kingdom. The year is 354. It is that long since the Kingdom was formed.

Amar inhabits 50000 humans, 1000 dwarves, 200 half-elves, 50 elves, 1000 goblins, 1000 lizardmen, 200 centaurs, 500 ogres, 1000 trollkins, 30 trolls, 1000 Araxi, 2000 faeries, 100 wyverns and many other small groups and individual other creatures. The kingdom has a rich animal population.

It is a stable society and its problems are mostly predictable.

The humans sell food, wine and clothes to the dwarves. In exchange, they get metals, weapons, armour and jewellery. Dwarven weapons and armour is of higher quality than those made by humans. The relationship between the two races is cordial.

Some villages and areas have a Lord of Land as principal. There is no slavery, but some peasants are so tied to their Lord of Land or Baron that they are considered bound people. The nobility also embraces the Lords not owning any sizeable portion of land, but their titles cannot be inherited. Those religions that give the title of Lord to high ranking members do so in coordination with McGillan the King of the Gods or Gwendyll the Queen of the Gods, and they are thus automatically initiated into these religions as well. All nobles are initiates of McGillan or Gwendyll, it goes with the title. The close family of a noble is considered nobles themselves unless the noble is without land.

The main religions are: Walmaer the God of water, Shalissa the Goddess of air, Anashina the Goddess of nature, Alesia the Mother Earth, Taroc the God of war and Juba the jester God. The nobles of course worship McGillan and Gwendyll. There are priests and other principals of most of the religions. Man Peggon the God of Strength and Elesi the Goddess of love, birth and creation are extinct and considered cursed. No one knows why that is. Mestronorpha the evil god of the Underworld and Maleko the God of meditation and inner strength is also considered cursed or just a "no". Moltan the God of judgement is worshipped by the upholders of law and order and no one else. Kraagh the God of death and recirculation is a somewhat shun cult - the worshipers are mostly lonely undertakers. Other Gods that are worshipped are Ikali the Sun God of fire and light, FalMunir the God of knowledge, Recolar the God of athletics and sports, Fenimaal the God of willpower magic, and several minor Gods.

The border against the Araxi is turbulent and the soldiers guarding the border are mostly Taroc initiates or non-religious.

King Caolain II (born in 300) and Queen Fiona (born in 309) are the principals of the human kingdom. The King is a Walmaer worshipper and the Queen is a Shalissa priestess. The princess, Ianira (born in 331) is a Ielina initiate and working towards becoming a priestess. The prince, Vaiangor (born in 333) is a sporty guy and has Recolar as his idol.

In the capital Amaron the King has delegated the daily city affairs to the Moltan Lord Thainir Laidhos (a cousin of the King). Lord Thainir Laidhos is looked upon as the Mayor of Amaron. He is directly responsible for law and order of the Capital.

There are six major districts in the kingdom. They each have a capital city where the baron (or in the case of Amaron, the King) resides.

Amaronir: Capital city Amaron (population 13000 + 5000 in areas surrounding the city). Amaronir is the richest district as it holds the capital of the kingdom.

Amaronir holds the most nobles of an of the six districts. Around half the nobles have residence here - most of them within the capital. The citizens of Amaron are seen as a bit arrogant and aloof. The Amarons have a tendency to view others as lazy peasants.

Amaron is a busy city. Merchants from all over the kingdom comes to the capital to trade. The city is relatively safe. The main Moltan temple is in Amaron. Also Academica Magicka is located here - the prime acadimy for learning the arts of magic.

The great Coliseum to the honour of Recolar, the god of sports and son of Taroc, is located in the capital. The big gladiator events are held here as well as horse races and athletic events.

Tsenkir, the largest village in Amar (population 500) lies within the district borders of Amaronir. This is the most important place of trading in the kingdom. Lord Nalchir Emaron is himself an important trader.
￼
Rauinir: Capital city Rauinor, the "Walmaer capital" (population 9000 + 3000). Ruled by Baron Fer Chalun, a Walmaer Lord and eager fisherman. He is said to commune with the fish and command the waters. He doesn't meddle with political affairs much. The biggest Walmaer temple lies in this city - run by the High Priest Larosmarot, a very clean and proper Walmaer Priest.

Aleresir: Capital Aleris (2000 + 1000) is the smallest of the district capitals. The district is also the least populated. Aleresir is marked by the many worshipers of Anashina. It has much woods and forests, faeries are often seen here. Some centaurs inhabits the woods here. Lady Serena Chiall is the principal of the district. She is a young, single Anashina priestess with a strong belief in personal freedom. She is a bit of an anarchist, much to the dismay of the King. There are stricter rules on the use of magick in Alerisir than most other districts. Magicians need an official certification in order to practice their magick. Alerisir trades in fur, horses and household animals.

Feronir: Capital Feron (2500 + 1000). Ruled by Baron Garos Maella, an Ex-Moltan Initiate, now a self-proclaimed ruler, judge, jury and executor. A very strict Baron with a firm grip on the local laws. His right hand is an offbeat Moltan priest, Moltar the Just. Feron is the strictest city on Amar. The guards are given the power to judge and to execute. They are themselves penalized (by the wrong judgement they gave) whenever they are caught giving an unjust sentence. Feronir trades in fruit, spices and pearls.

Calaronir: Capital Calaron (6000 + 3000). Ruled by Baronesse Fienna Milin, The King's cousin. She is a determined Baroness, respected and very strict in her ruling. She is rumoured to have strange magickal powers. Some say she is grey at best. This may be the answer to the constant bad weather covering the city. Others claim she is the target of jealous competitors for her title... her brother, and that this fight is burdening the city. The use of magick is prohibited inside the city walls. There are very few exceptions made to this policy, one of which is the notorious Perception wizard Kiro. The thieves guild is strong within Calaron. This accounts for the label "City of Thieves". Calaron trades in fish. It also has a large farming community outside the city.

Mieronir: Capital Merisi (older name, Mieron) - population 6000 + 1000. Ruled by the Taroc warlord Alac Geoffryn. He is a relative to the king and is trusted with the defence of the kingdom from the Araxi, Trolls and other evils from the west. Alac is a man of honour and bravery. He never shies away from any challenge or opposition.
Mieronir is the least taxed of the districts. It spends most of its resources on the army. Mieronir has the flotilla of the kingdom. It is used to set troops ashore in the west to weaken the enemy. The pirates never do "business" in the waters around Merisi.

Along the bordering river to the Araxi forest, there are castles and keeps kept by Taroc Lords of lands.

There are some groups of humans living outside the kingdom - some small groups of settlers, religious people or adventures here and there and the pirates.

The pirates are noted for their occasional plunders along the kingdom coast. They actually seldom rob humans. When they do, they board ships just off the coast of the kingdom and steals their cargo. They are more in to plundering the dwarves. The dwarves are rich, and the pirates sell the dwarven jewellery and weaponry to the humans. They go ashore close to some dwarven village and sneak in by night and steal whatever they can lay their hands on. The pirate chief is a former general of the kingdom. He rebelled against the Commander of the army. 

Give me an elaborate and detailed low level rpg adventure based on the above.
